You're standing around, waiting for something to happen, when three kids come running by.  They're playing Plomball, an old Kiran favorite.  You used to play it as a child.  Tradition has it that Siboot himself invented it.  It's a loosely formed game involving a lot of running, shouting, and throwing two balls back and forth.  The players endeavor to retain possession of either ball for as long as possible, but must throw it to somebody as soon as another player approaches them, for if they are touched while holding the ball, they automatically lose the game.  One of the kids near you, a Frem, has a ball, and a Srol is closing in on him.  Unfortunately, the third child is around the corner and so the Frem has nobody to whom he might toss his ball.  In desperation, the Frem whistles loudly to get your attention and calls out a vague warning in eeyal, then tosses YOU the ball!  You stare blankly at the ball sailing through the air directly toward your face, and then memories of childhood flood back and you reach up to catch it.  At the same time, you inadvertantly yelp loudly in eeyal, "Got it!", the traditional cry of the receiver in Plomball.  Unfortunately, your reflexes aren't as good as your eeyal, and you miss the ball.  It swoops by your face, grazing your cheek, and you jerk frantically to avoid it even though it has already passed.  Your sudden movement, made in mid-stride, throws you off balance; you totter for a second and fall flat and hard on your bottom, raising a small cloud of dust.  The ball bounces hard off the wall and rolls back, stopping just beside your hand.  For the first few seconds you dare not move, certain that you've broken something.  A few gentle leg-stretches convince you that you are uninjured.  The children are rolling on the ground howling with laughter at the spectacle you have created.  You angrily pick up the ball and are ready to bean one of the little brats when you hear a small click.  There stands % in the doorway, having rushed to see the source of the commotion.  You're sitting there in the dust, arm still raised with ball in hand; you: \\leap up, dust yourself off, and act as if nothing had happened.  D6+dP% hurries off but cannot conceal the smirk on his face.\smile sheepishly and say, "I got it!"  D4+dA-BP% laughs gently and says, "Yes, you did!"  D4+dP% stares coldly at you and says, "I'm very impressed."\scowl imperiously at % and demand to know what @'s looking at.  A6-aD4+dA-BP% smiles innocently and says, "Oh, nothing..."  P% scowls right back and mutters, "A fool on her butt!"\burst out laughing.  D4+dA8+aP% bursts out laughing with you.\