As you pass by the house of the Tlemcen family, you note that they are cleaning the house out.  The various items of furniture are all standing outside in the walkway.  You note with disapproval that they are blocking the path for passersby, but there is obviously no other place to put all the stuff, so it would hardly do to raise a fuss over it.  You see two of them come struggling out with a heavy item, and you hurry over to offer what help you can.  But your services are unneeded, and you stand there as they huff and puff past you.  Turning, you find yourself facing a triple mirror stand, and you are immediately struck by the triple image it forms of you.  There, standing in front of you, are three images of you, all staring right back at you.  You have never seen a triple mirror stand before, and so the triple image is a new and profoundly impressive experience.  "Three of me!" you wonder.  "Which one is the tanaga-me, which the katsin-me, and which the shial-me?  And which is the better part of me?"  The three images wonder back at you. 	You are not often given to looking at yourself in mirrors, and so you are not really familiar with your own face.  You look at it long and hard, as if you were encountering a person for the first time.  Just who IS this person you are looking at, anyway?  For a moment you feel outside of yourself, looking through a mirror at yourself, but suddenly feeling that you are not the person you are looking at.  You are without identity, gazing with infinite calmness on this petty creature so wrapped up in its own concerns. The experience is strangely compelling; you want to know more.  But somebody calls your name and you are suddenly jerked back into yourself, a lesser creature than you were just a moment earlier.  You step away from the mirror, vowing to return some day when you are ready to understand it. \\That's strange.  PBut what does it mean?\That's weird.  PBut what does it mean?\Yes, definitely strange.  PBut what does it mean?\Yes, definitely weird.  PBut what does it mean?\