Some children dash past you; there are two Klasts, a Tayran, and a Frem, all madly giggling and chattering at each other in a crazy mix of their own languages and eeyal.  They don't seem to make much sense to each other, but Kiran children have never let that get in the way of their fun.  They play together and improvise.  They disappear around a corner, gurgling with excitement over some project or scheme they appear to be hatching.  Your curiosity is piqued; you turn and follow them.  It takes some effort to figure out where they've gone, but soon you find them behind the cafeteria.  Surprise, surprise; they're clustered around %, who seems to be pushing a heavy box up a ramp for their benefit.  You stare in great surprise for a moment.  The nature of this entertainment is completely lost on you, but the children seem quite excited about the fun that they will have when % gets the box up to the top of the ramp for them.  % is just beginning to show his age.  The powerful torso and rippling muscles are still there, but he does not use them with the swagger and abandon that he once did.  You can see him moving carefully with guarded concern for aching muscles tonight, muscles that until recently never ached.	% is definitely having trouble getting the box up the ramp.  Apparently he has done this before for the kiddies, only now it's not as easy as it once was.  He puffs and grunts and shoves; the heavy box slides up the ramp almost to the top.  Once there, though, he cannot get the purchase he needs to ease it the last few decimeters.  The muscles ripple, the body quakes, and then % backs off, panting.  He's not defeated yet; he's going to make another attempt.  Here's your chance: You \\step back, conceal yourself, and watch how it comes out.  P% makes two increasingly desperate attempts, succeeding on the second.\step forward and offer to help.  D30-BD5-dA4-aP% looks at you with disgust and says, "You couldn't help me with this!"  P% grunts an acknowledgement; with great effort the two of you get the box up.\dash forward as soon as he starts pushing and wordlessly help.  A8+aPThe briefest, thinnest smile of appreciation flashes across %'s face between grunts as the two of you heave the box over the top.\call out, "You're not as young as you used to be, %!"  D8-dA8-aP%'s face turns beet red.  He scowls but says nothing.\