One of the finest institutions that Siboot created for Kiran culture was the "bearing of sins."  This is a process by which one Kiran confesses to another his sins and failings.  It is an intensely private and personal event, and so Siboot laid down strict rules for its observance.  On birth, each Kiran is assigned a "sin-bearer."  Sin-bearers can never be of the same species as their charges.  Sin-bearers do not assume their role until the age of 16, at which time sin-bearer and charge are introduced formally and instructed in the rules and responsibilities of the institution.  The sin-bearer's task is to listen patiently to his or her charge, to inquire carefully into the exact circumstances of the sin, and to consider it carefully.  However, the sin-bearer must never, ever, judge the sinner --- it is a cardinal rule that no sin-bearer can ever pass a moral judgement on any sinner.  The sin-bearer listens, tries to understand, but must never convey, even through his tone of voice or facial expression, any disapproval of the sinner.  When the sinner has unburdened her/himself, the sin-bearer ponders the nature of the sins, trying to understand how a good person could commit such acts, and reminds her/himself how easily he too could commit such sins.  Then the sin-bearer tells the sinner, "I bear your sins for you."  The bearing of sins is over.	Your sin-bearer is Kendra.  The last time you confessed to her, she was obviously uncomfortable with the task.  You have not approached her in a long time, not wishing to impose upon her, but the stress of the last few days has brought out and magnified the guilt you feel over some minor transgressions.  You feel an overwhelming need to release your sins, to get them out of you.  And this is the opportunity.  So you tactfully raise the subject with Kendra.  She evades the subject, saying that this is not the time for sin-bearing.  This is an unpleasant surprise to you; the obligation of sin-bearer to sinner is strong and cannot be evaded.  What do you do? \\Drop the matter.  PKendra is obviously relieved.\Gently press Kendra to comply.  A4-aD2-dPKendra still resists your suggestion.\Firmly demand that Kendra fulfill her responsibilities.  A8-aD4-dPKendra adamantly refuses.\Explode at her and verbally assault her.  A16-aD8-dPKendra yells back at you; she won't budge.\