There's a knock at the door.  The two of you look at each other, wondering who it could be.  % goes and answers the door.  Lo and behold, it is Chris Crawford, looking very troubled.  He barges in without being invited.  When he sees you, he says, "Ah, good!  Both of you!  I'm having a terrible time with this game design, and I was wondering if you could advise me."  You and % look at each other incredulously, but you both know that Chris' foibles are irresistible, so you might as well get this over with.  He plunges ahead:  "It's the artificial personality.  It's just not coming through as clearly as I'd like it to.  The characters are pretty good, pretty solid, but they're just not..."  He pauses, struggling for the word.  "Just not CLEAR enough for me.  Take Gardbore, for example.  Does his personality really come through in the game?  Not as brightly as I had hoped.  So what should I do?  Where is the problem?  Is it that the artificial personality itself is insufficiently tuned, and therefore the personality itself does not exist clearly?  Or is it that the personality cannot express itself through the limitations of eeyal?  So should I devote my energies to expanding the range of eeyal, or tuning the artificial personality?  Or would it be impossible to expand eeyal sufficiently to allow clear expression of personality?  Oh, what should I do?  What is the ESSENCE of the problem?  What do you think?"  % and you exchange glances.  What ARE you going to say to this crazy person? \\"Gee, Chris, I don't know, but I'm sure you'll figure something out."  PHe purses his lips, frustrated, and meanders out the door.\"I think you should work on expanding eeyal."  PHe nods thoughtfully then exclaims, "I shall work on the artificial personality!" and scurries off.\"Why don't you work on the artificial personality?"  PHe listens carefully then declares, "Your answer convinces me that I should work on the eeyal."\"Get outta here, you jerk!"  C8PHe mutters, "You shouldn't oughta mess with The Designer!"  The sky darkens.  Distant thunder rumbles.\