You've been waiting outside %'s house for a bit of a while.  You begin to grow impatient.  It's not that you've been waiting an inordinate amount of time; it's just that you are in a hurry and you're not sure that you want to waste any more time waiting around for % to stop his meditations.  But then you overhear some sounds coming from inside his house.  This is most curious -- complete silence is an essential for good meditation.  You walk around to the back of the house and the sound becomes louder.  It is a rhythmic, swaying sound, with all sorts of tiny little bits of pretty sounds mixed in.  Then you recognize it: it's the stuff called music that % talks about sometimes.  It sounds quaint, but you are also vaguely envious that you are unable to understand this strange stuff that % does understand.	Reaching the back of the house, you see that the rear door is closed and the drapes are drawn.  Yet, you are fascinated by this strange music and want to hear more clearly, or at least see what % is doing.  You step onto a box and notice a thin crack in the wall, a seam between two wallboards.  Peering through it, you can see % inside the house.  He is standing in the center of the room, gesticulating wildly.  Your first reaction is that he must be talking to somebody in Frem, but you scan the room and see no one.  "What's going on here?" you mutter to yourself.  "Is this the way that Frems talk to themselves?"  	Then you notice something else: there seems to be some association between %'s motions and the music-sounds.  Yes, it's quite definite.  He is moving his hands in synchrony with the music.  It's a very striking thing to watch, but you can't figure out its meaning at all.  You watch for some minutes, then descend from the box and return from the front door to wait.  A few moments later, % opens the door.  You are dreadfully curious about his activities and would very much like to know more about them.  You: \\let the entire matter pass.  PAnd so it does.\ask him, "What was that strange action you were doing in there?"  A40-BA8-aT10-tP% is angry with you for intruding into his privacy.  A4+aP% is pleased that you take an interest in his music.\say nothing but surreptitiously peek around as you enter the house.  P% notices your curiosity and explains that he likes music while meditating.\ask him to show you the music that he was listening to.  A8+aP% proudly drags out the music and bores you with it.\