Here comes Bashee, her big floppy ears bouncing lazily with her fluid Lokweel gait.  Bashee has one of the most interesting jobs on Kira --- she is responsible for all communications between Kira and Lamina.  In the old days this position involved little more than keeping the old equipment operational, but it has become steadily more complex in the years since contact was established.  There is the steady flow of news from Lamina, reports that are meant for the Shepherd to better understand the situation on the home planet.  Then there are the various issues that are put to the Shepherd for adjudication, although these do not arise often.  Finally, there are the regular sermons from Kira to Lamina, although increasing concern for the life of the electrical components has curtailed these sermons to weekly talks from the Shepherd.  Bashee single-handedly manages this huge flow of information, and it is staggering to think that the entire intercourse between two societies flows through one pair of hands.  She is the best electronics technician on the planet, a multilingual radio operator, something of a diplomat, and a very creative thinker to boot.  Her most impressive contribution so far is the creation of a backup system to use in the event of a failure of the transmitter.  It uses a large mirror that can be aimed to reflect the sun, and some experiments showed that the flash could readily be seen with a small telescope on Lamina.  Blinking it on and off, a code could be sent.  The scheme is slow and clumsy, but can be used even with a total loss of power on Kira.	So now she wants to talk to you, and it's probably about Locksher, her fiance.  Sure enough, she launches immediately into a discussion of Locksher and his chances of winning the Shepherdship --- why is she discussing this with you, of all people?  She finally gets around to the point:  Locksher, it seems, is afraid of you.  Well, maybe not afraid, but definitely intimidated.  She would like to reassure him that you are not that way.  What do you tell her? \\Aw, shucks, tell Locksher not to worry.  D16+dA8+aPBashee is delighted; she thanks you and leaves.\Avoid the subject; engage her in small talk.  A4-aPShe presses you but eventually gives up.\Locksher damn well better be afraid of me, after what he did.  A4-aD8-dPBashee blanches and leaves quickly.\Smile, be nice, give a good impression but make no promises.  A4+aPBashee seems happy.\  