Well, well, if it isn't old Sevar, Gardbore's long-suffering fiance.  Poor old lady committed herself to Gardbore many years ago, when they were both young, not really considering that his position as an acolyte would last so long.  Her decision has already cost her any chance of ever raising a family.  She lives alone now, by day works in the fields and by night pines away for her rare visit with Gardbore.  She is the object of much disapproving gossip from the matrons of the community.  It seems that she had taken great pride in her relationship with Gardbore and had promised too many people that one day she would be the wife of the Shepherd and she would settle their hash then.  That was long ago, though, and the grievances she fostered have seeped through the community to become a generalized ill-will.  She is not included in any of the normal matronly social functions and has been effectively blacklisted from the committees assisting in the births of new children.  Gardbore treats her well, but she will always be living proof of the inadvisability of taking on the social powers that be.  	At last, however, her hour has come.  Gardbore just might fulfill her dreams.  If that happens, there will indeed be some serious revenge-taking on Kira, a thought nobody relishes, especially not Gardbore.  So Sevar is playing a very active role in Gardbore's candidacy; she wants his victory with a passion much greater than that felt by any of the other acolytes' fiances.  And now she is approaching you with the clear intention of conveying a message.  You hold up for a moment to allow her to catch up with you.  She pauses to catch her breath before beginning.  You are surprised by the strength and polish of her eeyal, especially from one so untrained.  Gardbore must have been giving her help.	"Happy greetings, friend," she begins, "I trust you are well."	You are not in the mood for idle pleasantries, especially not when they are delivered in such a drolly sarcastic tone of voice.  "What is the message, Sevar, that you convey from Gardbore?"  	"Message?" she asks with mock innocence, "Why would Gardbore send me to convey a message to the likes of you?"	"Sevar, just get to the point," you say, rather irritated now.	"Gardbore would never dirty himself with such trivialities, but I am telling you that you had better watch your step around him.  He is in no mood to put up with any nonsense from you.  So watch yourself!  That's just a little friendly advice from Sevar."	How do you respond to her? \\Don't respond.  Just walk away.  D4+dPShe laughs at you as you go.\"You tell Gardbore that I am surprised and hurt by his attitude."  D4+dA4+aPShe hesitates, uncertain, and then leaves.\Laugh disdainfully and say, "Watch my step around Gardbore? Ha!"  D4-dPShe seems taken aback by your demonstration and hurries off.\"OK, I'll be careful.  Thank you."  D16+dPShe smiles with great satisfaction and wishes you good-day.\