Along the way you spy Kormisos, Kendra's fiance, at work in his shop.  You've always had a liking for the fellow, so you drop by for a chat.  Kormisos is one of the master mechanical repair technicians.  His job is to keep the equipment running smoothly.  It's a tough job --- everything on Kira is more than 130 years old and has been in continuous use for the entire time.  "Good day to you, Kormisos!  How are you today?" you ask cheerfully.  He looks up, looking tired and frustrated.  "Oh, OK, I guess," he says, but there is no conviction in his tone.  "What's wrong?" you ask.  "It's the tractor" --- he gestures at the machine standing at the end of the shop --- "it has broken down again and I just don't see the point of repairing it.  The damn thing is the last working tractor we have, and it's awfully handy for some of the heavy work that's not efficiently done by hand.  But, jeez, it's completely worn out.  It's had almost every moving part replaced with parts cannibalized from the other, older machines.  Those cannibalized parts are worn out now.  The oil we use for lubricant is lousy recycled stuff mixed with that junk that comes out of the bottom of the methane digesters.  It doesn't lubricate properly and so we have to limit engine use to less than ten minutes per run.  Every single screw, every nut and bolt has been used so many times that its threads are worn down, so the thing doesn't hold together tightly.  It rattles and clatters something terrible, which just adds to the wear.  I've told that field crew chief that he's gotta treat this thing gently, but damn if he didn't gun the engine trying to get it to pull a pipe.  Now it's busted again, and I just don't think it's worth the trouble of repairing.  I'll tell you, sometimes I think that we're running out of time.  We've pulled a lot of neat tricks to keep this show running, but we've gotta face the fact that we're not a self-sustaining operation.  This show runs on the machines that were brought here 130 years ago, and those machines are wearing out.  When they go, we go.  Those jerks back on Lamina had better get their act together and get a shuttle up here with some equipment, or their precious Shepherd is going to starve to death.  That would be downright embarassing, wouldn't it?"  He pauses, staring at some parts on the workbench with sadness and resignation.  "Hey, look, I'm sorry to dump this on you.  Don't get too upset; we still got years, maybe decades.  Besides, I got something even worse to tell you.  I was talking to Kendra last night, and she said some things that led me to believe that she is none too pleased with you, friend.  I don't know what got her riled up, but she's definitely got nasty thoughts about you.  I wouldn't pay too much heed to it, though; you know how excitable Kendra can be."	What do you say to Kormisos? \\Nothing; just thank him and leave.  PHe waves goodbye with a wrench in his hand.\"Would you tell Kendra that I'm pretty mad at her, too?"  A8-aD4-dPKormisos promises to give her the message.\"Yeah, well, I don't have any ill feelings towards her."  A4+aPKormisos promises to give her the message.\"Yeah, Kendra is a pretty jumpy lady."  A2-aD2-dPKormisos smiles and waves goodbye.\