The day is bright and beautiful.  You are feeling pretty good, so you take a detour out to the heights overlooking the village.  You wander deeper into the sandy hills, moving up and down with the surface.  In just a few minutes you have lost yourself in the mazelike host of hills, low ridges and shallow valleys.  You recall the difficulties that the early colonists had with these dunes, the hair-raising cases of children becoming lost and wandering about for days before being found.  You remember the warnings your mother used to give you to never play in the dunes.  They all seem so laughable now.  It really doesn't take much intelligence to climb to the top of almost any low rise, from which you can see the distant peak still called Mount Grad after the slain first governor of the colony.  Keep that on your right and you can always find your way home.     You climb a particularly high hill and stand there for a long while, gazing off into the remote northern horizon.  You can make out some ridges and a distant range of mountains.  What's out there, you wonder.  We've been on this moon more than a century and no person has set foot on those mountains.  For all you know, the hill on which you stand has never felt a foot in all of time.  The thought shakes you with its power.  You turn around, ready to head back to the village, when you suddenly notice another figure standing on another hilltop, perhaps half a kilometer away on your right.  The person is just standing there, silent, unmoving.  You cannot make out who it is.  Then you see another person on another hill to your left, also standing quietly.  The two figures could well be mistaken for statues, but an occasional shifting of stance, a bending of the head in the wind, reveals their life-ness.  You are moved to: \\call out to them, get their attention.  PThey do not seem to hear you.\run down the hill to the nearest one and see who it is.  PWhen you get there, nobody is there; they are both gone.\head back to the village quickly.  PYou arrive at the village without incident.\sit down and watch and wait.  PThe two figures wander away, and you lose sight of them.\