	Things have been pretty quiet here, so it must be time for anotherprogress report.  I have spent most of the past week on programming issues.However, I have refined the notions of mental combat that I have discussedhere earlier.  I now see mental combat as purely mental in style; I have decided to kill the verb "mind-mug" that would have knocked unconscious itsvictim, allowing the perpetrator to steal the victim's property.  Instead, Ihave expanded the list of mental powers.  That list now is:	Detect lies:  if he lies to you, you'll know that he's lying	Conceal lies:  you lie to him, he thinks it's true.	Receptive:  You ask for something, he feels like giving it.	Memory scan:  You find out what's in his memory.	Forget:  He forgets things.	Fear:   He fears you (more than before).	Like:   He likes you (more than before).So when are in the presence of another person, you can initiate one or more "mind-attacks".  Each attack is a focussing of your mental energy onto thevictim, using one of the seven verbs as the objective of the attack.  Your victim resists your attack with his own mind-energy.  If your attack is stronger than his defense, you win that attack and the magnitude of yourvictory determines the degree to which the mind-spell takes effect.	Of course, mind-combat uses up mental energy.  To restore it, you mustmeditate.  If you are attacked by another person while in a weakened state,your will be more readily overpowered.	The talismans will still be in the game; they will boost your strengthin their dimension.  Their is one talisman for each form of mind-attack.	Now, some of you might ask, "What's the point of all this?  So what ifI can lie to somebody and make them think it's the truth?"  Ah, such is thestuff of power.  I can promise Joe that I'll support him for position #2,and then turn right around and make the same promise to you, and if you believeme, I will have gained more support than I would otherwise deserve (assumingthat you are grateful for my supposed support or we made a deal for it.)If information is power, then the ability to control information throughselective lies is indeed a form of power.  Have you ever seen a computer gamethat could do THAT? n;ioukl (That was a triumphant blow of fist on keyboard)..