	I think this game is starting to come together (how many times have youheard that line?)  The big ideas for this entry are "betrayal" and "tattling".I have long had a feature that makes it possible for a character to tell another character the aura counts of a third character.  Recall that knowledgeof aura counts is the major factor in gaining victory in mind combat.  Well,I've spent the last few months worrying about how to handle the discussion ofaura counts, and I think I've finally come up with a simple solution.	The act of revealing anybody's aura counts to anybody else is called abetrayal.  Basically, you're not supposed to do that (but everybody does).  Your motivation to betray somebody is that you do so as part of a deal.  I'llbetray Skordokott if you'll betray Kendra.  You may not want to betray Kendra,but you really need that information on Skordokott.  Too bad for Kendra.	Of course, betrayals don't cost you a thing so long as nobody knows about them.  And only two people know that you betrayed Kendra: you and me.Of course, you trust me, don't you? (heh, heh, fool!)  So I sneak over toKendra and tell her that you betrayed her.  That's called tattling.  So here'swhat we have so far:  I betrayed Skordokott, and you and I know it.  You betrayed Kendra, and you, I, and Kendra know it.  And I tattled on you, andonly Kendra and I know about it.  Of course, Kendra can run off and tell peoplethat I tattled on you, or that you betrayed her.  So information can move around like water.	Now, why would characters betray or tattle?  Here we do start getting complicated, but the complications are algorithms, not input structures.  Basically, you suffer a loss of trust or affinity whenever somebody finds outthat you betrayed or tattled on somebody else, but the amount of that loss depends on how justified you are in doing so.  For example, if you betray a hated enemy, nobody will resent you for it, but betraying or tattling on a goodfriend will earn everybody's contempt.  So it all depends on your relationshipswith other characters.  Go ahead, stab your enemies, but you better be nice toyour friends.  	Oh, one other thing:  no matter what your relationships, everybodyalways likes being let in on a secret.  It's always a good idea to gossip.Gossip is the third and least direct (and least sensitive) form of informationtransfer.  Revealing somebody ELSE's misdeed is gossip.  You suffer no lossengaging in gossip.  I am still uncertain as to whether gossip should have thisbroad definition, or have the narrower definition of being talk about someone'stattling.  Thus, revealing aura counts is betrayal, revealing betrayal is tattling, and revealing tattling is gossip.  Each one, obviously, is lessimportant than the previous..