	For the last few weeks I have been concentrating on programming issues.I spent most of this last week working out the new structure for deal-making.My psycho-linguist consultant screamed about my old structure that separated acharacter from his attributes, so I had to come up with a completely newgraphical structure for deals that was consistent with the internal structureof sentences.  I eventually came up with a scheme, but it took most of this week getting it operating properly and installing the new drivers for the AIto engage the player.  It was slow, tedious, and simple work, but it feels good to have something to show for my efforts.	The problems that I have been thinking about in the background concernthe use of the language and the expression of personality.  The former problemis not so much a game design problem as a matter of inertia. I had designed IIL to be tiny general-purpose language that would allow a broad range of expression.  But I find that general-purpose expression just doesn't seem towork in the game.  It will confuse the player; what is the point of being ableto engage in small talk with a character if that doesn't directly propel youtoward victory?  I really did have a kind of small talk capability; you couldask characters simple questions about other characters, and if they knew theanswer and were inclined to talk to you, they would answer.  I was very proudof the idea but it just didn't seem to create a workable game.  So I tore itout.  But now I am left with two problems:  just what is the purpose of IIL? and how I am to express the personalities of the characters?	The first problem arises from my perception that IIL has become littlemore than a snazzy human interface.  It no longer deals with perceptions of reality.  It is much less than a tiny general-purpose language.  To use ananalogy, I had hoped for tiny BASIC and what I have is an HP-35.  (By thisanalogy, I suppose that the structures for games like BOP look like abaci.)I keep hoping that IIL could be more.  Maybe this is something better left toa sequel.  If the ideas of this game catch on, I could come back and do a full-blown IIL with general-purpose expressiveness.  The audience would be ready for that, maybe.	The second problem is, how do I allow characters to express their personalities?  I am committed to the notion that the personalities of thecharacters will be central to this game, but the steady whittling away of IILhas made it more and more difficult to let them show their true colors in thisblack-and-white language.  This message is too long already --- I'll expand onthis theme after I've gotten some reactions from readers..